Meeting 3 (10-04-18)

What have we each done, does it work (automated testing) and does it look good.

Letanyan – Check up on design, free role.

Sizo – Mock heat map and homepage, web design, use cases for web must use automated testing.

Vince – Mock profile settings, web design, use cases for web must use automated testing.

Kevin – Use case for web (edit info needs to be filled up more) automated testing.

Shaun – Location use case, use cases for android must use automated testing.

John – Check up on design and help with android.

Any problems that anyone is still dealing with?

Are all use cases done?

More fields for edit details and design differences in mobile app (also talked about plus and minus buttons, we will look at it, and search functionality, add later).

We need to attach an ID to the names, names are not unique enough.

Someone said that they get different names from someone else from Firebase, all is well now.

Can Firebase handle the amount of data?

Colours used must be consistent.

Commenting code in a detailed matter.

Give suggestions to improve system (we may see something one of us missed).

User manual to be joined, plus we put some estimates for the ram and local disk storage?

Decide on Github structure, we chose to create a branch every time we make a change.

*Requirements and Design Document, we must all look through it and make sure it is correct, if we missed something we are finished.

Landing page must be in tip top shape (Shaun).

Is all documentation in?

Compilation of slide show (Vince).

All necessary work must be in Github, by Thursday.

We cannot be rearranging work anymore as it messed up work division; thus, messing up our marks.

Maybe add Stacy to all our threads on Slack, talk to Stacy in meeting. We booked meeting with Stacy at 12 (noon) on this week Thursday (12-04-18).
Check Zenhub and Zube (everyone).

We will be going on a rampage on Thursday to make sure everything is integrated (everyone on it).

Study hard for tomorrow’s test, just text the group if help is needed, Kevin said our answers must be the same (in terms of our own system).
