Meeting 20 (18-09-18)
How to implement displaying mass of produce?
Population of real-world data – next week.
One automated test at least from each person (Let people choose what type of test they want to do (Integration test, Unit test, UI test)).
What have we done since demo 4? Statistics, improved UX, improved security, deployed system, usability testing and 
What have we done for functional testing and non-functional testing.
Demo preparation (discuss game plan):
Keep it lively, smile, transition nicely to the next speaker, talk with passion, use key words:
Sort positions:
Summary of what we did since demo 4 - Sizo.
Summary of testing process - Letanyan.
Demo web - Shaun.
Demo apps - Kevin.
Demo code and tests – Vincent.
Show how they used to record produce harvested and what we have turned it into (picture out client sent), before and after photos of system (code, UI – clicker before and after).
Talk about genetic diversity, importance of usability testing (having system in beta), security should not be taken for granted, progressive disclosure benefiting the system usability by not throwing everything at the user at once, coding standards improving code reviews (increasing software quality), high cohesion and low coupling (show messy code and some other neat code), statistics addressing a common problem of stealing on farms, verification and validation benefiting implementation, having programs be mutually suspicious, even cost is taken into account as for example the map reloads are a limited number so we rather put the heatmap on a stand-alone page rather than combining it on a commonly used page (reducing cost), software quality improves testing, importance of good team dynamic (more ideas, second opinions, we learn from each, accountablity), team cooperation (reducing time-to-market) something about efficiency?
We may have to remove the google sign in as we don’t ask for the organisation name and it is not working on android after deployment.
Merge and rebase platform branches.
Anything from you guys?
